The Joe Rogan experience. Let me tell you something.
The one cop I faced on Facebook and started torturing him. He dumb,
he try to, he lives, he lives in tele, right?
And he was involved in the JonBenet Ramsey.
So when I mentioned his name on a podcast,
one time people started sending me messages. They go, you know,
we'd go to school with his kid. His kid's a moron, right? So
I feel like his kid like became a criminal,
but the dad has gotten them out of trouble. All his life. The kids are criminal.
Uh, so they taught the same people from Facebook hit me when they,
they go your buddy, the cop retired. So I sent them an email. Hey,
on Facebook, Hey, listen, congratulations on your retirement. Check out,
Joey Dee is on YouTube sucker. And I know you read it,
but he didn't reply. You know what I'm saying? That's Larry dog.
Listen to what I did to that dude just, there was two of them are right.
There was a big white dude that the white dude,
this is the crazy thing I was not wanted,
but I was questioned on the credit card situation. In August of 85,
somebody had destroyed that mall with a credit card. And somebody said,
I fit the description.
So these two cops with uniforms kept asking
me questions. I worked at foot locker and they keep showing up every day.
And we talk to you. Yeah. The jewelry store said to you, listen, pretty soon.
You know, they didn't have cameras, Danielle.
Uh, so they kept saying pretty.
Soon, we're going to start getting a receipt and you're gonna have to go in for
whatever. And they would come in every day and shake me down.
And I would go guys, if I was a credit card thief,
would I be working for Footlocker? So I was just buying time.
I knew they were going to catch me eventually that one cop even came to my house
on a Sunday night and knocked on my door and said,
w we're getting the Jean sizes tomorrow. You might as well train yourself.
And I'm like, no, you gotta want and get the off my doorstep. That night,
that morning I went to San Francisco a year later,
I got arrested for kidnapping. He gets promoted to detective.
He doesn't remember me from the credit card thing.
The whole time I'm sitting there going,
what is this cop gonna remember me from the credit card thing?
So you gotta remember. I turned myself in,
when I turned myself in Doug and I pressed that buzz and they opened that door.
All the cops drew their guns on me and said,
get on the floor because that was one of the, for kidnapping and kidnapping too.
They didn't know what I was packing. What type of person I was.
So they handcuffed me, put me in a room that was white,
made me wait for a half hour. And then they came in and played the technique,
which I've been doing to people all my life. You know,
I'm the one that would break into Joe Rogan's house and steal one shoe.
You could do.
That to somebody. You take an ounce.
Of cocaine, you steal one shoe, horrible. Oh, that's horrible.
You steal that one. Favorite pair of shoe.
You take one shoe and you throw it away.
That destroys people psychologically for years.
They'll keep looking for that one shoe. What happened?
And then every time you see him, you you'll find that shoe. No,
I the search tab. I'm the dirtiest bastard.
I know how to flip flop yet.
So these guys get you in an interrogation.
Into the interview room and they asked me what's going on?
And I'm talking to them. I go, I don't know what happened. The guy showed up,
the guy pulled the gun. Next thing you know, I was home. And they're like,
so what happened to the guy with the machine gun? I don't know.
Did you know him? I don't know. You know? So how did you get there?
I had a bike. Well, you just said you drove. Yeah.
I drove to get the bike to, I was just with them.
Cause I wanted to get out because Don Johnson was married and she went Eastern
on Miami vice that night. I had to be home by nine that's.
All I cared about was his wedding. So I'm with the cops. I'm like,
I'm just going to go in there and talk to them. Tell him the truth that, yeah,
I went over there. They was selling drugs and I left.
I had nothing to do what kidnapped, but what are you talking about?
So we went back and forth like six hours.
And I still remember them sitting there,
like with their hands down and me talking about like, you know,
my uncle came from Cuba in 1952 and he worked for this guy.
And they're like, what's this got to.
Do with what we're talking about dog. I told her,
and then.
I agreed to give the guy information and I would just give them like red
bands, drivers pre,
and I would give him Jamie's license. Like Jamie's not a drug dealer,
but I would tell him that Jamie was running kilos internationally from Europe.
They would, they would go through Jamie's life. Imagine if Jamie was doing that,
then they wouldn't find nothing. So they would figure out the Jamie.
I was playing them. I was just giving.
Them fake license plates. How long did you do this? For six months.
They thought they would leave the real, this,
this guy telling me he runs a big Coke from Colombia.
He knows the Choa brothers.
Yeah. So you were just making up this crazy narrative of oh, yokels.
I was tormenting these two cops. I wasn't going for it.
He didn't like me personally. I don't let him know that.
I didn't like him personally. It's a movie. It was a firefighter. Let him know.
I hate him more than what he hated me. That's what I did.
I let him know like, Hey, the more and every time we went to court,
he would sit there across from me.
But I had to go to attorney and it was burning him up.
Cause he wanted me for kidnapping. When I'm like, nah, dog,
you didn't find no fingerprints on nothing. Sorry, Charlie, not this time.
So if he was chomping at the thing,
he went to all the hearings and said that, you know, they're like,
we don't see nothing else on the record.
So if there's nothing else on the record, this is you against him. No,
doesn't work that way. He kept saying I was violent.
I was going to kill the community. You know,
he was one of those white evangelist type guys.
He even was so mad at me that he joined forces with my ex wife in court
afterwards for like child hearings and like that. It's how crazy it got.
Oh my God.
He was there when I went on one day Cuban style and that's the last time I saw
him. Oh one. The last time I went to court,
remember the last time I went to court, my wife,
it was the same judge that sentenced me. Oh no, only he was in civil court now.
But here's the beauty. I kept writing him letters every month.
Cause that's the type of. I am.
We write them letters from the minute I got sentenced to jail.
Well the letter say how you doing judge Belafonte? And my name is Joey Diaz.
Thank you for your sentence.
I'm starting to learn what it's all about to be a man for the last 28 years.
I've been running a muck every month,
every month on the first he got a letter from me. When I got to the jail,
I doubled up, I got a job as a warm car salesman. I really enjoyed it.
Thank you for giving me the I never, never,
but I wrote him. Letters wrote him. Letters, wrote him, letters,
wrote him letters. I got out of jail, February of 89. I wrote him letters.
I went in front of him in may of 95 and he was a civil judge.
I was still writing them letters. I told them I was trying comedy.
I was getting divorced. My wife was breaking my balls.
We ended up in court in front of him.
The boyfriend's got a steak over his eye.
Cause I smacked him cause he called me a speck. So I smack them in the face.
Of safe. So they're trying to get me for assault. Oh yeah.
Tremendous afternoon Joe say.
And the judge goes, number one, you gotta throw your case out because it's uh,
it's the city limits of Boulder. You can't use a racial slur.
If you use a racial slur in the city limits, somebody can just beat your.
You get it's called the JJ Flannigan law. And number two, he,
then he attacked my wife. He was like, listen, you, uh,
come back in here again with this. It's contempt of court.
And.
So all those years of writing paid off all.
Those years. So my wife got mad.
The ex got mad and I'm a walk out of that was when I did
something that till this day I regret it was that bad.
Like how bad I went off.
But it was four years of getting tortured.
Think of you torture me for four years. I'm financially done.
I'm financially ruined.
I'm trying to feature and I'm getting heat because I'm dirty.
Oh, I remember those days. You know what I'm saying?
Like everything like that's the hard road, right? So I.
Was featuring in dirty bars,
but they would make me MC at the clubs and they made me work clean and read the
announcements and the.
And they was just didn't want you on the show. A lot.
Of comics didn't want me on the show. You know, I wasn't that. No, no,
I wasn't throwing the heat though. No, I just was doing well. I was holding my.
Own. Even when, when I met you, when in the beginning you were dirty.
Yes. Yes. Not for some people that that's like a deal breaker.